Is the emperor alright?
Wasn't it fine just now?
The emperor's body has always been healthy
Why did you suddenly fall ill?
I'm afraid I won't hide for ten days
Or ask you to do one thing for me?
Concubine Leng Gong Yuan has an adopted son in her womb
I can't get to the right
Please also force him to be the queen
Do your best to assist his son
Valley of Evan
Jiangshan design left by ancestors
Hahahahaha
I didn't expect it.
It would rather be passed on to an unborn fetus
I don't want to pass on the throne to this king
Design for Jiangshan
Isn't this king more suitable?
I didn't expect you to die
Will make him the queen
Why can't it be me?
I am your savior
you